feat: lending docs (#28)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs-portal: app/lending/(2-guides)/soft-vs-hard-liquidations/page.mdx

- The proceeds are used to repay part of your loan
- If the liquidation restores your LTV to a healthy level, the process automatically stops
- Unsold collateral (minus fees) is returned to your collateral account

Chainflip supports both **partial** and **full** liquidations depending on LTV and market volatility.

---

## What does over-collateralised mean?

Chainflip Lending is an over-collateralised lending system, you must deposit more in collateral than the value of your loan.

This ensures:

- Loans remain safely backed
- The protocol can recover funds through liquidation
- Users and lending pools are protected from insolvency

---

## What is Loan-to-Value (LTV)?

LTV measures how much you've borrowed relative to your collateral's USD value.

Example:
Borrow 20,000 USDT with $100,000 BTC collateral → **LTV = 20%**

If LTV exceeds the protocol’s liquidation threshold, your position may be partially liquidated.

---

## When does liquidation happen?

Liquidation occurs automatically when LTV exceeds the threshold, which can happen due to:

> - A drop in collateral price (BTC, ETH, SOL, etc.)

Reviewer: Should probably add:

- An increase in the borrowed asset's price

- Accrued interest increasing debt

Before liquidation, Chainflip attempts **auto top-up** using your primary collateral asset.

---

## Can I avoid liquidation?

Yes. You can:

> - Enable auto top-up (uses free balance of your primary collateral asset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable auto top-up (uses free balance of your topup asset)
```

- Manually add more collateral at any time
- Repay part of your loan
- Monitor LTV in the app (with warnings when LTV is at risk)

Liquidation only occurs if no corrective action is taken.

---

## What happens after liquidation?

After liquidation:

- Liquidated value repays part (or all) of your loan

> - A small liquidation fee (e.g., 5 bps) is deducted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A small liquidation fee (e.g., 5 bps) on the liquidated amount is deducted
```
